1996 Lincoln, Theses on Method.

Question:
If your birthday is in an odd-numbered month (Jan, March, May, etc.), please write a one-sentence or two-sentence summary each of the odd-numbered theses (1, 3, 5, etc.). If your birthday is in an even-numbered month (February, April, June, etc.) please, write a one-sentence or two-sentence summary of each of the even-numbered theses (2, 4, 6, etc.).
Answer:

Theses:

1) "History of Religion" means we will be viewing Religion through a historical lens.


3) To study religion in a historical lens, one must view the supernatural in a natural fashion, focusing on the material realm.


5) When studying religion, intellectual honestly outweighs any sort of moral honesty regarding spiritual practices


7) "Culture" as a concept creates a monolith of experience that when examined closely does not uphold, thus creating an almost fiction of experience


9) To critically analyze something X, one does not need to assume X is wrong


11) One should not "other" products and ideologies that come from different cultures than ones own, instead it is a place to develop critical thought that can be used anywhere.


13) In order to take a scholarly approach, one should not: approach those that are being studied to define terms, remove any study of the context of what is being studied, or fail to create differences between what is true, what is claimed to be true, and what is said to be true. If that is to happen one is no longer a scholar.
Question:
Write a short response to the reading as a whole (about 150 words or so), considering the following questions: What is Lincoln's main argument? Why did he write this document? What did you learn from reading it? 
Answer:
Lincoln's purpose for writing this piece is to describe how one should study the "History of Religion". His focus is that this is scholarly work that is focused on the physical, not the supernatural. There will not be claims about whether a God is real or not, as history can't make those claims, instead if there is a historical claim surrounding the religion, or a movement of religion like Vatican II or The council of Trent, that can be studied and understood in the context of its existing. There is also something of note that we must not "other" those not in our "in group". For example we have been raised in a predominately Christian setting and as such Muslim, Hindu, Pagan, etc. beliefs seems "strange" but we must move past that and investigate it in a scholarly way. I found it interesting the commentary that even though it may be stated, it is not easy to fight the dominant propaganda of the society you were raised. I also learned some great questions to use when investigating Religion from Thesis 4. These questions are helpful because sometimes it seems overwhelming how much needs to be studied, but this gives a starting point.
