*What is the reading about?
	This reading is an essay describing a Native person's interaction with the world at large. She brings many frames and views into her writings upon some of the many struggles Native people face, and overall give an overview of the some struggles that Natives face that people need to be more aware of. She is also detailing why she will not share specifics of certain religious ceremonies, giving a holistic explanation of why to not share.
*How is the author supporting their argument?
	The author supports her argument by using first person experiences, along with other key scholarly sources to be able to generalize the claim further than her own life. She does admit that the context of how is writing is integral to what is being written, but does attempt to give space for generalizations of claims and gives evidence when needed. She also touches on just general trends in American (the continent) culture and history.

*What are 2+ key terms & their definitions?

	Maria Sabina - A Mazatec elder would worked with sacred mushrooms and was able to heal those whilst using the "little ones" or "little children" (the mushrooms). This practice was unethically shared with others not in the Mazatec community, leading to a tainting of the ritual and overall a corruption to the point that the mushrooms were no longer acting in the same way
	
	"New Agers" - This is a term to describe those not of Native descent, or not attached to Native culture (usually white) who attempts to parrot the Native rituals and religion. These people do not however, place care towards true Natives who are experiencing a litany of strifes and struggles.

What is a good discussion question for this reading?

	Are there examples of other religious ceremonies that we do not know all the details of? 

	Why must we examine and know every detail of ceremony? 

How does some element from this chapter connect with a previous reading/discussion?
	This reading touches on many of the same points as the Drawson article in terms of there needing to be an ethical way to examine Native culture and religion. A western lens does not give enough nuance to Native culture, or enough grace, to allow for a study or essays that benefit all parties involved. This essay also touches on points made in the interview we discussed on Tuesday. Considering that the interviewee and the person writing this piece are one in the same, it is no surprise hat similar ideas were shared. These ideas revolve how being a Native woman changes how studies are viewed, the overall persecution of Native peoples, and more.
