*What is the reading about?
	This reading is an exploration into what "decolinization" actually entails. It gives examples of the many ways colonization still permeates in religious studies, and how one may confront and change course in order to deconlonize. It goes into detail on what deconolization fully encapsulates, and how to bring about such a goal.

*How is the author supporting their argument?
	The author is utilizing other sources, along with their own analysis regarding the roots of colonization in religious studies. They focus their efforts upon distinct areas where religious studies is lacking in their care towards decolonization.

*What are 2+ key terms & their definitions?
	Decolonization - The act in which one looks in their field or life, and radically alters the way they view the world. This radical change is brought about by attempting to not center the white, eurocentric views, but instead to gather a more holistic view, specifically focusing those that have been or are currently marginalized.

	Secular - This is the notion that there is a dichotomy in the world between Religious and Secular, and this is one half of that. This side is focused upon the everyday acts of a person, along with not centering a religion in those acts.

What is a quotation/section that you found meaningful/valuable, and why?

What is a good discussion question for this reading?
Can decolonization hapen in steps or does it need to be a radical reform of the entire system?

How does some element from this chapter connect with a previous reading/discussion?
This reading connects with other readings regarding the focusing of marginalized people when studying religions. We have discussed how to have more ethical research regarding indigineous relgions, and this reading does well to expand upon that idea. It also adds nuance to that discussion, elaborating on points of "why" and more. This reading also seems to go against that which was postulated as the first reading regarding Lincoln's theses. Here there is a predominate focus on simply extracting knowledge from others, whereas this reading wants to focus the indiviuals and communites affected, realizing that this extraction of knowledge is simply a continuation of colonization.

