*What is the reading about?
	This reading details what decolonization is, and some of the ways that settlers (non-natives) attempt to soothe their guilt over the existence of the settler-colonial state. It details the large expanse that the settler-colonial state has overtaken, and what decolonization looks like in terms of actions
*How is the author supporting their argument?
	The author supports their arguments with various other academic writings, and also simply elaborating on points. They make claims, elaborate, utilize sources, synthesize said sources, and finally comments on their lived experiences. They note that they are a group of an Indigenous scholar and settler scholar.
*What are 2+ key terms & their definitions?
	Settler Colonialism : This is a type of colonialism, that uses other facets of colonialism, but it focuses upon making the land theirs. It is an attempt to exploit, and rid the land of those already there, making the settler's the one who has claim, the people of which the land is owed. This removes natives from their land and creates a dynamic they cite in their paper as "settler-native-slave"
	Incommensurability : This is the principle that decolonization, and potentially other radical changes, have so many interconnected layers and questions to answer that it is insurmountable to be able to answer it all. That is to say we do not know what the next step after decolonization, in this instance, looks like.
What is a quotation/section that you found meaningful/valuable, and why?
	"Decolonization is not an 'and'. It is an elsewhere". This quote was meaningful to me because many justice movements, or movements to empower minorities or overthrow the powers at be, seem to be connected and resonate with one another. That may still be the case, there are arguments to be made that critical Marxist principles could be used in the standard of decolonization, but that is not where it starts. Decolonization is another process, a different world entirely than the one we live, and one that needs to be taken seriously. This quote also helps solidify that the settler colonial state is not something to dismantle from within, there are too many internalization at too many layers to fully decolonize inside the settler colonial state. There may be arguments about if steps can be taken, but this readings wants it to be noticed that these steps are not enough.
What is a good discussion question for this reading?
	Do we have to imagine the future of decolonization to take action towards it?
