*What is the reading about?
    This reading is describing a certain ethical framework known as "care ethics" and its connection to environmental ethics. Care ethics is commonly associated with indigenous and feminist literature and as such there is an interesting connection but also divisiveness between the two major thought leaders in the western dominated philosophical space.

*How is the author supporting their argument?
    The author is utilizing multiple other sources, and synthesizing these sources to develop a more holistic view upon care ethics. They are also not making greater claims and speak upon the limits in their research. They are looking to synthesize and combine feminist and indigenous philosophical and political discourse. They also bring in current actions happening in the world to enforce that this is more than a talk of theory, but something being put to practice.    

*What are 2+ key terms & their definitions?
    Care Ethics: A philosophical frame that takes into account that humans are simply an actor in a larger ecosystem, and not fully rational singular agents acting without grasping the inter-dependencies of the world. This is a rather modern frame in the Western philosophical thought, but can be found in many cultures around the world.

    Virtue: Virtue is one way to examine actions in which instead of looking at consequences, or if you are following rules, you focus upon the intend and the character of the person acting. You examine their respect, their transparency, their trust, etc.

What is a quotation/section that you found meaningful/valuable, and why?
    "We do not have the right to interfere with water's duties to the rest of Creation". This quote is meaningful because the dominate western thought about the natural world is resources for humans to utilize. Humans are conscious (supposedly) and as such have a different level of rights towards dominating the world around them. This directly rebukes that stating that humans are instead a cog in the machine of nature. This gets me to wonder, what does it mean after such a long time of industrializing, globalizing, etc. How do we adjust for all of the harms already committed? This also mentions that water has a duty, many people do not consider animals moral agents, and of those that do it on average extends to animals only, but yet this mentions that even water may have duties to uphold. This is a radically different view of the world than I have confronted and just made me consider why we decide moral beings as we do, and how we can confront and reshape that in preparation and movements towards radical social change.    

What is a good discussion question for this reading?
    The writer at the end mentions the "decolonial" dimensions of care ethics, do you find that it is decolonial in nature, or are we still using it as a metaphor? 

How does some element from this chapter connect with a previous reading/discussion?    
