*What is the reading about?
	This reading gives an introduction to the study of Indigenous Religions. It notes that this study can not be done in a vacuum and must understand the outside forces pressuring the rituals and beliefs. This is not something to be studied without questioning the history that surrounds it.

*How is the author supporting their argument?
	The author mostly calls upon historical references towards their arguments. They give clear cases regarding some of the atrocities that have been affecting indigenous cultures.

*What are 2+ key terms & their definitions?
	Ethnocide - This is also referred to as "Cultural Genocide", and is the overall cultural destruction of a group of people, this can be through means of removing their status of that group, or divesting from groups, or simply showing apathy when things are affecting them.
	Acculturation - This is the act of taking on a dominant cultures way of life when encountered, reverse acculturation is when the dominant culture takes on some parts of the way of life from the non dominant.

What is a quotation/section that you found meaningful/valuable, and why?
	"Maintaining a practice or belief in the face of opposition implies an arranging of priorities, a definition of what is vital to one's integrity, and sometimes a shift in perception that makes communion with spirits simultaneously an act of defiance." - This quote is meaningful because often it is discussed that these acts exist and have existed for a long time and many want to focus on the theology, but this is a revolutionary act as well. This is impactful, because for a religion to be revolutionary changes how one views said religion. This can not only be a focused on the material and philosophical beliefs, but also how it is socially impactful.

How does some element from this chapter connect with a previous reading/discussion?
	This chapter connects with an early reading regarding Hernandez-Avila. This is because it describes how some practices will not get told or are not for others eyes as we are outsiders and these acts are defiance and revolutionary. Because of the social scenarios and stigmatization surrounding these acts it then makes sense as to why they are not shown to everyone.

