*What is the reading about?
    This reading concerns the early practices of evangelizing the indigenous populations of the continental US. It describes how different tribes reacted to it, and the revolutionary acts they partook in considering the violent and oppressive systems in place to convert them to Christianity and "civility"

*How is the author supporting their argument?
    The author is supporting their arguments by second hand accounts of the attempted conversion of indigenous along with simple commentary regarding the events.

*What are 2+ key terms & their definitions?
    The Pueblo Revolution of 1680 - This was a historical event in which the Pueblo, Tewa, and Northern Tiwa tribes collaborated to repel the Spanish occupation of their homes. This was after decades of occupation and oppression by the Spaniards in which they attempted to convert the indigenous populations to Christianity and exploited their labor and women.
    New Light Movement - This was a Christian movement commented on in the Northeastern United States that focused upon dreams, trances, and other indigenous concepts of spirituality. There was also no literary requirement, or white requirement to be a preacher, thus opening the door for Indigenous people to join the movement. That is what happened for the Pequots', adjusting Christianity to serve their already held native beliefs. 

What is a good discussion question for this reading?
    In what ways can we learn from the Pequots' connection to Christianity and the Pueblo peoples connections to Christianity?


How does some element from this chapter connect with a previous reading/discussion?
    This reading connects with previous discussions and readings in terms of the notice of "objective civility". This is the belief that there is such a scale from "savage" to "civilized". Here it is the belief of the settlers, finding that the Natives are "savage" and with their evangelizing, there also needs to be some amount of reform in a social setting. This means that instead of finding them as other rational beings that they can inform of the lord, it was an entire process to teach, "civilize", and overall change their entire life. Settlers also found Natives to be satanic, which is another representation of their "objective civility"
