*What is the reading about?
    This reading discusses "Medical Evangelicalism". This is the concept of invading, co-opting, and removing the medicinal practices of Native Americans from their communities. This chapter discusses some of the problems and developments of the practice of Medical Evangelicalism.

*How is the author supporting their argument?
    The author supports their claims by interviewing Native Americans, pulling from other academic sources, and adding their own synthesis and thoughts upon the matter. There are both first and second hand accounts throughout the chapter which aid greatly to the points being given.

*What are 2+ key terms & their definitions?
    Medical Evangelicalism - This describes the continuation of settler colonial ideals specifically through the use of medicine. Some common ways are removing older practices, pairing medicine with religion, not carrying for communities, and more.
    Biomedicalism - This is the common belief of Western societies, and most of the world now, that ailments, illness, etc. are caused by simply biological processes. That is to say that being sick is found only biologically, nearing biological essentialism, and very much predicated on a materialistic framework of the world.

What is a good discussion question for this reading?
    Conceptually, how do you imagine the integration of native practices towards medicine with the concept of biomedicalism?

How does some element from this chapter connect with a previous reading/discussion?
    This chapter discusses another way that settler colonialism persists in society. This connects to Tuck and Yang as they are the authors who gave an explanation on what settler colonialism is. There is also a connection with Lincoln in a way as our belief of medicine is biological essentialism, focusing merely on the physical. It seems to have the best results from what we have found so far, but it is interesting that this philosophy is taken for granted by most people. The author does a good job commenting upon it and raising questions and concerns in relation to other philosophies of medicine and that was greatly appreciated.

