*What is the reading about?
    This reading describes some of the attempted persecution against indigenous religious practices. It details some militarized, legal, and internal struggles indigenous practices have faced.

*How is the author supporting their argument?
    The author utilizes first hand accounts of the actions, laws regarding the actions, and other scholars thoughts and works to support their claims throughout the chapter.

*What are 2+ key terms & their definitions?
    Ghost Dance - This is the act of dancing, singing, and being with each other in a religious sentiment in relation to the prophet Wovoka for the Natives to connect with their ancestors. It was a sign of the times to come in which the dead would become alive again, and the white man would be forced out of their lands. Wovoka was an apocalyptic preacher.
    Peyote - A psychophysiology (hallucinogenic) cactus used for religious ceremony. This drug is otherwise criminalized, but there is a large religious connection to this plant in which people get together, cleanse themselves, smoke, and have meals. Those interacting with this religion do not drink alcohol. It has been in the courts a lot considering its legality and uses that are allowed and not allowed.

What is a quotation/section that you found meaningful/valuable, and why?
    "'...producing an influence which leads them to believe that such a life is preferred over a life a labor'" -> This quote interests mostly because of what it defines as the work and life that white people wanted Native American people to have. Native people were not to have the life of scholars and artists, but rather a life of labor. This intrigues me as Native people were doing labor, after all labor is required to exist, the world does not simply feed us. This degradation of the work Native people did, not aligning with the capitalist machine that settlers wanted is just rather interesting for the author to put in, and an interesting note overall about their place in the social and economic hierarchy. Natives are not owners, Natives are laborers, according to this quote.

What is a good discussion question for this reading?
    Does this religious persecution connect to other religious persecution attempts that you know about? What makes it different? What makes it the same?
