*What is the reading about?
    This reading concerns the new age movement, which was a mostly settler movement to co-opt the beliefs of the Indigenous peoples and creating a new spiritual movement.

*How is the author supporting their argument?
    The author uses sources, along with their own connections and thought process from other sources. They build off the backs of other scholars but note their own criticisms when they appear.

*What are 2+ key terms & their definitions?
    New Age Spiritualism - A spiritual / religious practice and movement that had many different ideas, but in this context describes settlers finding their way into Indigenous religion, stealing artifacts and practices, and reselling them to more settlers (white people)
    Transcendentalism - A thought group originating with that label in the 19th century focused on the individual, asking for a forsaking of congregation and the trappings of organized Christianity. The author posits that this is a precursor towards the New Age spiritual movement.

What is a quotation/section that you found meaningful/valuable, and why?
    The discussion of the precursor of New Age spiritualism, transcendentalism, was a rather interesting section. I had read pieces from the transcendentalists in high school so to hear them referenced again in this context is so interesting. It also interests me because there is a part of me that understands what the transcendentalist is attempting to describe. They do seem to be commenting upon some problems that people are feeling, and there were other points in this chapter that seem to describe perfectly the current world set up. As such to see them noted and the ways in which the words got co-opted to be used to ransack indigenous practices is such a turn.

What is a good discussion question for this reading?
    Are there other religious schisms like the one described in the book between those that accepted New Age spiritualism, and those that attempted to gate keep their religion?

