*What is the reading about?
    This reading concerns the practices of Indigenous folks, and how it compares to that of settler colonial ideas in regards to the Earth / nature. The reading highlights the key distinction that Indigenous people believe themselves to be apart of the overall mechanism of the Earth, whereas the popular settler belief is one in which the Earth is a resource. It also highlights some key points and places in which the tension has resulted in tension and conflict between Indigenous people and settlers.

*How is the author supporting their argument?
    The author supports their argument with primary sources regarding the creation myths, as well as secondary sources regarding historical events in which settlers conquered Indigenous peoples sacred spaces. It details accounts of many such events as well as justification from the settlers on why they deem it okay to do so.

*What are 2+ key terms & their definitions?
    General Allotment (Dawes Severality) Act 1887 - This was an act passed by congress that changed the way reservations were given to Indigenous people. Instead of giving land to the nation, land was instead given to individuals, and much less land than the nation was receiving. It also allowed the sale of land otherwise designated for the reservation, and did not renew allotments so many native people ended up with much less land than they could use.
    Lyng v Northwest Indian Cemetery Association - This was a supreme court case that decided that while AIRFA protected the beliefs and gave them the right to practice religion, it did not protect the sacred spaces where these ceremonies were held. That is to say that someone can build on sacred spaces because it does not change the beliefs of the Indigenous people. This was a slap in the face to Indigenous people.

What is a quotation/section that you found meaningful/valuable, and why?
    "tribes could never advance into civilization because they lacked an essential quality of 'selfishness, which is at the bottom of civilization'". This quote struck me simply because of how seemingly detached it feels from what civilization is. Civilization is a community of people coming together. To say that civilization requires selfishness seems just utterly wrong and flipped. There has been more focus on the individual with liberalism out of the enlightenment, but to claim that civilization finds its roots in selfishness laughs in the face of community and society. Humans are social creatures, we want to be with others, that is not a selfish act.

What is a good discussion question for this reading?
    How do you imagine conversations surrounding such different viewpoints regarding humanities place in the world should go? How do differences to that magnitude get resolved? 

