*What is the reading about?
	This reading concerns how indigenous practices can be used to mitigate and respond to climate change. It focuses on many instances of utilizing indigenous knowledge in order to rebuke the destroying of ecosystems in attempts to salvage what is left of this world.

*How is the author supporting their argument?
	The author brings up many points in which indigenous people work alone, or sometimes in tandem with others, to preserve the environment. They use many secondhand accounts of specific historical actions in which indigenous people take control of the situation. They also utilize firsthand accounts of indigenous beliefs in order to reinforce the ways in which our views, and thus actions, differ.

*What are 2+ key terms & their definitions?
	Traditional Ecological Knowledge (TEK) - This is a body of knowledge that is built by being a part of the land for centuries. It is a passed out knowledge base that is always growing concerning the natural patterns of animals, weather, etc. It connects people to the land more so than any outside scientific knowledge could.
	Isaak - This is roughly what the idea of continuity portrays. This idea is that everything in the world is connected and that all creation has a shared origin. Isaak is the focus of this belief towards respect. One must respect that the world is of common origin.
	

What is a quotation/section that you found meaningful/valuable, and why?
	"A focus on individualism obscures the fundamental unity of reality, leading to imbalance and disharmony" - This quote is so powerful to me because it encapsulates how I have been feeling about the world and the future of the world so heavily. I have a deeply held belief that individualism is / has become a curse for Western society at large, and no amount of attempting to connect back to the past or utilize those motives will work anymore. Humans are not made to be apart from each other, let alone apart from the world. Other philosophers have noted that right now we are so disconnected from how things are made. I do not know how picks my eggs or where they came from. I do not know who made my table or what their life is like. I know nothing of how my world as I live it came to be and this alienation strikes me as profoundly wrong. To not feel connected to the world, is to lose the world entirely. Once that happens, who is to say what is or is not allowed, after all if it benefits the individual without thinking of the consequences, what does it matter.

What is a good discussion question for this reading?
	The book brought up the "free market" but this overall discussion seems to be focused on community based efforts and more democratic ways of navigating using the environment. Do you believe one can center both of these ideas or is there some conflict?	

